Update "Create Your First Service" guide to reflect the latest UI changes (#68)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/services/create-your-first-service.md

    
    Then click **Save API**. Now you have saved the API trigger that starts your application.
    

> 5. Click **API Calls**, and then enter informationas follows to configure the HTTP connection that connects the public API used in this scenario to the API trigger you configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **API Calls**, and then enter information as follows to configure the HTTP connection that connects the public API used in this scenario to the API trigger you configured.
```
